My name is Carlos, I moved to Montreal from Sao Paolo, Brazil, with my family 9 weeks ago, and it has been so tough to meet new people, or find fun things to do. Before a friend told me about an app called Home Away From Home. He said he used it
when he was living in Tokyo to meet up with other Brazilians and get some help
to get settled in. I signed up when I got here, but I've been so busy trying to
find a daycare (with Toddlr), I haven't had a chance to check it out much.

Lemme take a look at whats going on. Oh cool, I can see a bunch of people in
the same situation as me! Brazilians in Montreal. There's a map with a bunch of events,
and some are super close to me! Well, since I REALLY need to open a
canadian bank account, let's start by seeing if there's anyone I share some interests with that's also an expert in finance! Okay there's a few people, let's check them out. Jacinto Pinto says he has his shots and passport, and he's an expert in magic. Not really what I'm looking for. Oscar seems pretty nice, he's also an ex pert in nightlife, thats
cool! I'm not a big club goer though. I've always been more of an outdoor sports
type, maybe play some boardgames too. I'll see if someone else has a
sports expertise. Here's Jose, I'll check him out. Great! Finance, sports, and fitness, this is perfect! I'll shoot him
a message.

I'll ask him if he can help me find a nice bank and open an account. I've been
using my Brazilian bank account but the exchange rate is killing me, and
everyone here uses their card or phone to pay, I'd like to be able to do that!
Rent, investments, bills.
Plus, I'll need it for when I start getting paychecks from my job as a software developer. Great, he said that after work on Thursday we can go do that!
(PADDING PLEASE!)


Y'know what, since I'm here with Jose, I'll ask him if he knows about any cool
sports events anytime soon. When I was still living in Brazil, I loved to play soccer.


I made so many friends playing sports
back home, it would probably be a great way to meet some people here!

(PADDING)

Great, Jose told me if I check for sports, theres a soccer game at Jarry Park saturday afternoon,
not far from where I live! I'll definitely check it out! There's already 10 people going! It ends early enough, I should have time
after to head out and snap some pics of the full moon too, (I hope it's going to be a clear night!) || (since I saw on
NightSkyper it's going to be a super clear night!)

I really enjoy boardgames too, and I saw some people with that expertise. I think I'll make an event to meet some of them. Since I'm already playing Soccer this Saturday, I'll set it up at my old campus for next Saturday. My wife wanted to go to brunch that morning, (but we might end up waiting in line a little while, so maybe mid afternoon is best.) || (I never wait in line too long since I started using Brunchtime, so maybe early afternoon is best.)

All right, I've got a plan to set up a bank account, a soccer game planned, and
I'll hopefully be meeting some people for boardgames! This is great, I'll finally start integrating into my home! This app was so helpful!


Carlos
Montreal
family
People & things
Brazil friend in Tokyo
Home away from Home
Busy with Toddlr

Cool, peeps events
Bs in M
Finance
Stinky Pete magician
Oscar clubs
Jose sports

Message for bank
Exchange rate
Tap
Paycheck

Sports events
Bullshit about being back home meeting peeps
Saturday soccer
Nightskyper

boardgames
make event
next saturday
Brunch time
jarry park

see whats up
oh another event
have to cancel

perfect! Thanks...
